#Ficket
###All Kinds of Travel Ticket Buy and ride properly.

# User Stories
* User can buy ticket for any date's if available.
* While User pay for ticket, the payment will go to Bus Owner's account.
* Bus will have some renowned stoppages[Mohakhali, Gazipur,..], and if any passengers wants to git in from those stoppages then bus may wait for them if they won't reach in time
  and the time is a predefined time(Like 5 min), But if the passengers want's to get in from another user-defined stoppages
  then bus only stop if they can see on map that the passengers already at the points.
* While Bus started it's journey it has been created it's unique identity for this journey, like XASDFSE20 is the id for dhaka to jamalpur, and this id is inactive automatically while bus reaches in jamalpur. and every passengers who
  buy ticket's and ride in bus they only can see the identity and they only can track the identity.
* In the lifetime of session id passengers can comment's and rate their trip session's, passengers also can share their track with another, like their parents, thus parents can use this session id and
  they can monitor their child where is now on map, and if bus do accident then automatically their parents get notified.
  and their parents can access their childes bus session id through passengers id and as long as passenger's id active their parents can access the ids.
* While passengers buy the ticket their stoppages only known by the drivers and the drivers automatically where
  he need to stop.
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
# Benefits of Travel Agencies
* They can monitor how much people interested and travel by their bus.
* They can know by a click, how much ticket sold and how much they get profit.
* They can marketing anything by their client list and contacts.
* They can make themselves a trustworthy for their passengers and passengers parents, cause passengers now can travel here and there without any consciousness, cause their parents can monitor themselves.
* Their passengers get them ratings and comments which give them advantages to converts weak points to strong points.
* They can marketing their passengers and give them some facilities for after N rides 1 rides is free.
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 
* 